this is not fair and nobody nobody
should suffer tonight a man is claiming
a local cosmetic surgeon ruined his life
he went in for what was supposed to be
just a quick nose job 22 surgeries later
he no longer has a nose and breathe
through a straw Fox 23 s dannika
Lawrence has been in contact with his
attorney and a cosmetic surgeons
attorney since Friday we do want to warn
you some of the images in this story may
be hard to look at it started as an
admittedly vain decision after a divorce
these are his before pictures to little
sofas for once
Vishal Thakur thought he found the best
plastic surgeon in Tulsa dr. Angelo coos
Alina in fact he is shown on the
American Board of cosmetic surgery as
the board's president
this is what 22 surgeries have done to
Thakur this is not fair and nobody know
the first surgery was in 2006 but
afterwards his breathing became a
problem there was done on your face in
53 days timeframe in 2011 he had so many
infections he went in again and dr. Cuza
Lana
he says cut his nose off he told me that
there was an infection in there and
since I was on the operating table and I
was unconscious he had to make the
decision in the filed lawsuit it says by
the time the defendants were through
mutilating mr. Thakur under the guise of
22 plastic surgeries he was left grossly
deformed any woman it hurts two things
first thing it stretches the scar it
reminds me what is on my face that takes
every reason to smile I've been in
contact with dr. Cuza Lina's attorney
many times this week but he says he
cannot comment at this time
for now Vishal is hoping to schedule
another surgery with a surgeon at the
top of the field your case has been
damaged to the point it is unheard of
this is what the surgeons have said
dannika Lawrence Fox 23 news